doc(pendo): dbt model README edit for Fivetran style (#2)
fivetran/dbt_pendo: README.md

This package enables you to better understand how users are experiencing and adopting your product. It does so by:
- Calculating usage of features, pages, guides, and the overall product at the account and individual visitor level
- Enhancing event stream tables with visitor and product information, referring pages, and features to cultivate a customer journey through the application
- Creating daily activity timelines for features, pages, and guides that reflect their adoption rates, discoverability, and usage promotion efficacy
- Directly visitors and features to determine activation rates, power-usage, and churn risk

## Models

> This package contains transformation models, designed to work simultaneously with our [Pendo source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_pendo_source). A dependency on the source package is declared in this package's `packages.yml` file, so it will automatically download when you run `dbt deps`. The primary outputs of this package are described below. Intermediate models are used to create these output models.  

Reviewer: code hasn't been merged into main yet, the project will be populated once https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_pendo_source/pull/1 is merged

This package enables you to better understand how users are experiencing and adopting your product. It does so by:
- Calculating usage of features, pages, guides, and the overall product at the account and individual visitor level

> - Enhancing event stream tables with visitor and product information, referring pages, and features to cultivate a customer journey through the application

Reviewer: hm like discerning the customer journey better? basically the event stream tables now have the previous feature and/or page that the event-triggering user last visited, so with each event record, you know where the visitor came from

> - Enhancing event stream tables with visitor and product information, referring pages, and features to cultivate a customer journey through the application

Author: @fivetran-jamie How about "track the customer journey"?

> - Enhancing event stream tables with visitor and product information, referring pages, and features to cultivate a customer journey through the application

Reviewer: yah that sounds good! i'll merge this PR and make the adjustment on my end

- Creating daily activity timelines for features, pages, and guides that reflect their adoption rates, discoverability, and usage promotion efficacy

> - Directly visitors and features to determine activation rates, power-usage, and churn risk

Reviewer: oop yeah should be something like 
```suggestion
- Directly ties visitors and features together to determine activation rates, power-usage, and churn risk
```

| [pendo__guide_daily_metrics](models/pendo__guide_daily_metrics.sql)             | A daily historical timeline of the accounts and individual visitors interacting with guides via different types of actions. |

> | [pendo__feature_event](models/pendo__guide_daily_metrics.sql)             | The event stream of clicks on tagged features in Pendo. Enriched with any visitor and/or account passthrough columns, the previous feature and page that the interacted with, the application and platform the event occurred on, and information on the feature and its product area. |

Reviewer: ah yeah should be 
```suggestion
| [pendo__feature_event](models/pendo__guide_daily_metrics.sql)             | The event stream of clicks on tagged features in Pendo. Enriched with any visitor and/or account passthrough columns, the previous feature and page that the visitor interacted with, the application and platform the event occurred on, and information on the feature and its product area. |
```

> | [pendo__page_event](models/pendo__guide_daily_metrics.sql)             | The event stream of views of tagged pages in Pendo. Enriched with any visitor and/or account passthrough columns, the previous page that the interacted with, the application and platform the event occurred on, and information on the page and its product area. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [pendo__page_event](models/pendo__guide_daily_metrics.sql)             | The event stream of views of tagged pages in Pendo. Enriched with any visitor and/or account passthrough columns, the previous page that the visitor interacted with, the application and platform the event occurred on, and information on the page and its product area. |
```

### Passthrough Columns

> This package includes all of the source columns that are defined in the macros folder. We recommend including custom fields in this package because the transformation models only bring in the standard fields for the `EVENT`, `FEATURE_EVENT`, `PAGE_EVENT`, `ACCOUNT_HISTORY`, and `VISITOR_HISTORY` tables.

Reviewer: good point, i would say "column" is the more straightforward choice of the 2

> This package includes all of the source columns that are defined in the macros folder. We recommend including custom fields in this package because the transformation models only bring in the standard fields for the `EVENT`, `FEATURE_EVENT`, `PAGE_EVENT`, `ACCOUNT_HISTORY`, and `VISITOR_HISTORY` tables.

Author: Great - I'll make the change.

> You can add more columns using our passthrough column variables. These variables allow the passthrough fields to be aliased (`alias`) and casted (`transform_sql`) if you want, although it is not required. You can configure the datatype casting using a SQL snippet within the `transform_sql` key. You may add the desired SQL snippet while omitting the `as field_name` part of the casting statement - this will be dealt with by the alias attribute - and your custom passthrough fields will be casted accordingly.

Author: ah, got it - I'll reword to make that clear

> You can add more columns using our passthrough column variables. These variables allow the passthrough fields to be aliased (`alias`) and casted (`transform_sql`) if you want, although it is not required. You can configure the datatype casting using a SQL snippet within the `transform_sql` key. You may add the desired SQL snippet while omitting the `as field_name` part of the casting statement - this will be dealt with by the alias attribute - and your custom passthrough fields will be casted accordingly.

Author: ```suggestion
You can add more columns using our passthrough column variables. These variables allow the passthrough fields to be aliased (`alias`) and casted (`transform_sql`) if you want, although it is not required. You can configure the datatype casting using a SQL snippet within the `transform_sql` key. You may add the desired SQL snippet while omitting the `as field_name` part of the casting statement - we rename this column with the alias attribute - and your custom passthrough fields will be casted accordingly.
```

> You can add more columns using our passthrough column variables. These variables allow the passthrough columns to be aliased (`alias`) and casted (`transform_sql`) if you want, although it is not required. You can configure the datatype casting using a SQL snippet within the `transform_sql` key. You may add the desired SQL snippet while omitting the `as field_name` part of the casting statement - this will be dealt with by the alias attribute - and your custom passthrough columns will be casted accordingly.

Author: ```suggestion
You can add more columns using our passthrough column variables. These variables allow the passthrough columns to be aliased (`alias`) and casted (`transform_sql`) if you want, although it is not required. You can configure the datatype casting using a SQL snippet within the `transform_sql` key. You may add the desired SQL snippet while omitting the `as field_name` part of the casting statement - we rename this column with the alias attribute - and your custom passthrough columns will be casted accordingly.
```
